It's rare that the emperor's son can come up with such a powerful weapon.
Father didn't come.
Tian You and Da Xia Prince were so angry.
My hero must have no intention in the world.
General Niu, my master's power is not bad.
No father, Lord Bai and his party.
The eldest emperor's earth mine is extremely powerful.
Due to Ciwu, my hero will not attack any country.
Lao Wang, from now on, you must follow Feng and learn from you.
It's because I ordered him to be there
You have made great achievements today
what do you want
Jin Guang tell me about your father
But I want
But I want my father to be healthy and have no boundaries or loyal words.
Hahahaha good
I am my good king
I am the young man Wang Jin Qianliang
Worry over Qianti
And he is the new prince Feng Yiping
This father actually added Feng Chu Feng Yi and others
Just go forward
If this continues, will he?
This is getting more and more incredible
Okay, let’s get tired first. Let’s have a meal together.